draft resolution has not been adopted
this was a third attempt to get Aid into
Gaza abstentions and this was the fourth
the draft resolution has
not been adopted Russia China and the
United Arab Emirates voted against a
resolution drafted by the United States
meant to present a unified position on
Israel's war with
Gaza the final product doesn't reach any
way the most basic standards of quality
it still does not contain a call for a
ceasefire it has no condemnation of
arbitrary attacks on civilians and
civilian objects in Gaza and there's no
denial of the actions of forced
movements of
civilians the United States and the
United Kingdom voted against Russia's
draft the United States could not
support yet another Russian resolution
that was put forward with no
consultation that failed to reflect the
realities on the
ground it is disappointing that Russia
would rather try and score political
points and further divide this Council
than address the current urgent needs of
Israelis and Palestinians the Russian
draft echoing the UN Secretary General
humanitarian organizations and the Arab
League called for an immediate ceasefire
the US draft for humanitarian pauses
with neither of them succeeding the
elected members of the security Council
are vowing to try yet again with their
own version
Christen salumi Al jazer the United
Nations